[ZT] Image audit: SSH access (#5111)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/tutorials/ssh.md

## Route to the Tunnel

You can now create a DNS record that will route traffic to this Tunnel. Multiple DNS records can point to a single Tunnel and will send traffic to the configured service as long as the hostname is defined with an [ingress rule](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/configuration/local-management/ingress/).

> 1. In the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/), choose the hostname where you want to create a Tunnel. This should match the hostname of the Access policy.

Reviewer: Same comment about the hostname as before.

> 1. Go to **DNS** and select **+ Add record**.

Reviewer: FYI: Added a discussion topic to today's meeting - "Should we include characters like `+` in button names in procedural instructions?".

> 1. Choose `CNAME` as the record type. For **Target**, input the ID of your Tunnel followed by `cfargotunnel.com`. Select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose `CNAME` as the record type. For **Target**, input the ID of your Tunnel followed by `.cfargotunnel.com`. Select **Save**.
```
Consider keeping the example.

Cloudflare can render an SSH client in your browser without the need for client software or end user configuration changes.

1. In the Zero Trust dashboard, go to **Access** > **Applications**.

1. Choose your application and go to **Edit** > **Settings**.

> 1. In **Additional settings**, select _SSH_ from the **Browser Rendering** dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In **Additional settings**, select _SSH_ from the **Browser Rendering** drop-down menu.
```
We should hyphenate `drop-down` when used as an adjective.
